Another method that was added is called fill.
And essentially what it's going to do is fill up the items in the array with a certain value that we
specify.
So to show this to you I'm going to basically go and just do numbers fill and then one then counseled.
Numbers like so and you can see it now it's still the same array.
It's got four items in it.
But in this case we've filled it all up with a value of 1.
So it's a great way to replace certain items in your array.
Now this is only the first argument that we pass in the first argument is what we want to fill with.
And then we can specify a second argument which is essentially what we want to start.
So the starting index so if I specify one that means it's going to start filling this array with the
number 1 and it's going to start right here.
Forty five because that's the number one index.
And I started off at two because I noticed some saying the word one a lot.
So by specifying a star index of two which is inclusive it means it's going to start at 67 and just
fill it up with ones right here.
So we do that and you can see it starts at 67 and fills it up with the value of one and you can also
do a ending index.
So in other words where you want it to stop ending if you do not include your end index right here where
you want it to start filling up then it will just go all the way to the end of the array and use the
length of the array automatically as an index.
So what I'll do here is I'll start at 1 and then I'll end it too.
So we'll start at 45 and we will end 67.
And so you'll see that it only replaces one value right here.
The reason for that is because the star index is inclusive and the end index is non-inclusive which
means it will not include this index right here in the filling.
So in order to actually fill 67 with one I would have to change this to three like so.